Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Riley Zottola: Can you hear me. Yeah. Can you hear me. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Change venues, you're in your car.
Riley Zottola: I'm still at work.
Shawn Phalen: Oh, you are
Yeah.
Riley Zottola: Cuz we had to get some transformer pads set today before pg&e comes out to inspect everything
Riley Zottola: And it had to be done tonight. So I mean we just finished. I don't know 10 minutes ago. So I can't hop on a freeway just yet.
Riley Zottola: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So how's it all going tell me what's new.
Riley Zottola: You know, there's not a whole lot new I mean just working like crazy. Yeah.
Riley Zottola: Like a lot. It's exhausting. But it's so much better than when I was
Riley Zottola: Doing nothing right
Shawn Phalen: Right feast or famine, huh.
Riley Zottola: Oh yeah, absolutely. Yeah. And so, you know, first time and cod, probably. I can't even tell you how long that
Riley Zottola: I've had more than a couple of hundred dollars in my bank account, you know,
Shawn Phalen: So, are you able to save. Are you happy are you putting away some money.
Riley Zottola: Oh yeah, I got a battle stack saved away right now. Alright, so that must make you feel good. Oh yeah, it's not, you know, I spent so many years like
Riley Zottola: Just like scrounging to get by. And now, like I'm at a point where
Riley Zottola: Basically anything could arise, and I will be financially able to handle it.
Riley Zottola: You know, and that's it, that's it. Very COMFORTING FEELING. Yeah, seriously.
Shawn Phalen: Like used to feel really solid in your sobriety.
Riley Zottola: Oh yeah, absolutely. Yeah, we got
Riley Zottola: You know, one of my co workers that I've become friends with you know he got about three years he said three, three and a half years.
Riley Zottola: Sobriety also and he is
Riley Zottola: Going to be moving. I think this weekend and
Riley Zottola: I don't know either just the person that he's gonna move in with I've expressed to them, you know,
Riley Zottola: I, I just, I worry about him for that. For that reason, you know, like I just don't want it to burn to get dragged back in and and
Riley Zottola: I don't know that I came to that realization that wow I'm actually
Riley Zottola: really comfortable. Like, I feel really strong in my sobriety enough so that I can be like hey dude like I'm gonna go will jump all in your ass. If you, if I see you slip in at all like
Riley Zottola: Because you know i i see now especially like I seen what I have to lose. Yeah, you know, and he's got, you know, he's got kids to I don't have it right, there's so much more. And, and, you know, basically. Long story short, he has. I feel really strong in my sobriety.
Shawn Phalen: So you know what happens typically what happens is that
Shawn Phalen: With each relapse.
Shawn Phalen: It gets harder and harder to come back. Yeah.
Riley Zottola: Yeah, I know. I mean, I know that I did.
Riley Zottola: I must have tried to to get clean a dozen times and I get, you know, you mean just a few weeks, or I get two months. You know, I had one string that was
Riley Zottola: Eight months and I relapsed. That was the last one I was 18 I had eight months and then I relapsed for two and like halfway through that second month. I was like,
Riley Zottola: You know, I know where this is going. Like, I have to get out. Now I have to stop and I got to do something different because I'm gonna die. Otherwise now 19 months ago. Yeah, right. So, I mean I lucked out with that with that short
Riley Zottola: Short relapse, because you know
Riley Zottola: The times before, like I said, I get a couple of months, or I get a couple of weeks and then I'd be off and running for a couple years.
Riley Zottola: You know,
Shawn Phalen: So,
You find yourself like completely
Shawn Phalen: I mean, I imagine you don't have any contact with anybody that from your past that you used to use correct
Riley Zottola: No, I don't know. Anyway, I moved. I moved
Riley Zottola: Down in LA and I moved up to Crescent City to get away from all that and I you know I changed my phone number.
Riley Zottola: I basically started from, from scratch. And then now you know I'm down here in the Sacramento area. But even when I went down to LA.
Riley Zottola: For Christmas I went out there to go to my sister's house.
Riley Zottola: I didn't, you know, go back to because I could have easily just jumped on the freeway and been back in that same shuttle in like 35 minutes and I
Riley Zottola: You know I stayed clear there stayed with family. Yeah, I know, desire, like even just go back to the town. I didn't care. He was in that town is just successfully.
Shawn Phalen: So do you have. Do you have friends that you hang out with like clean sober friends or do you just kind of stay to yourself.
Riley Zottola: Right now I just kind of stay to myself. I mean, I do have, I do have friends.
Riley Zottola: That I've made here at the at work, you know, people that I get along with really well that I would definitely hang out with outside of work.
Riley Zottola: But just right now. I'm not really concerned with that because I'm more interested in
Riley Zottola: Like setting a stronger foundation, especially in terms of finance.
Riley Zottola: You know,
Riley Zottola: I'd rather put more money away not go out and spend it, you know, hanging out with people and whatnot, doing whatever so that because right now. I still stay with my dad.
Riley Zottola: My dad for the past few months, and you know, I'd like to get my own place right you know so I I'm focusing more on that. I mean, yeah, I mean going out, you know, here and there and hang out with these guys. Yeah, that's
Riley Zottola: I'm sure that that will occur. Soon, but these past three months. It is really hasn't it
Riley Zottola: I just haven't cared to
Riley Zottola: Be outside socializing. But I mean, when we're at work. It's like, it's basically like we're hanging out all day anyway, right, because it's not like we're just, you know, busy, busy, busy just, you know, working it's were joking around having a good time while we're doing, you know, right.
Shawn Phalen: Did you have a timeframe on when you want to move out of your dad's place.
Riley Zottola: Yeah, I'd like to, I'd like to
Riley Zottola: Right around the beginning of the summer and my reason for that is wanted to help me put more money away between now and then.
Riley Zottola: We're in the winter months. So if weather turns, then we don't work summer guaranteed minimum 40 hours a week, you know, so if that's if I don't want to get myself into a spot where I go. And, you know, put down
Riley Zottola: What is it like first and last month's rent on a place or something like that and then kind of be another you know you know give up all that money and then not be able to go back to work to make it back.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, and and i think like I'm you know at this stage at where you are. I mean, I think it's fine. You know, you just do what you do to all of that will happen when
Shawn Phalen: You're ready for that to happen. So I'm that's just why I was just curious, you know, just asking about that. I mean, and you know there's certainly
Shawn Phalen: No rush, your dad probably loves having you there and you know it's afford you the opportunity to put money away and, like I've said before, you know, you're super fortunate because you have a really close tight knit family. So you've got that support system.
Riley Zottola: Yeah, you know, take advantage of it.
And, you know, just
You know,
Shawn Phalen: Keep doing what you're doing, you know, just keep on that path and
Riley Zottola: You know, just keep working. And yeah, you know, doing the Suboxone doing the groups and all that kind of stuff. And so
Shawn Phalen: I mean everything's falling into place for you really, really well. So
Yeah.
Riley Zottola: I was trying to tell that to one of the one of the people that was in my group.
Riley Zottola: The other night, you know, cuz she was saying that she was struggling and I had to explain to her, you know, like this step, like when you start taking your, you know, Suboxone like it's not an automatic thing. It's not like
Riley Zottola: One day you stopped doing dope and the next day you start taking Suboxone and you're fine. Like there's a there's a period of adjustment and it's, you have to fight through it because it's going to be uncomfortable, even though
Riley Zottola: You've got the meds. You've got to be uncomfortable, but if you fight through it, you'd be crazy surprised at all the possibilities that open up for you right
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, it's so true. You know, and it's like you got to put the work into, you know,
Riley Zottola: Take action and everything goes back to how it was before he started using or yeah I mean it took me 16 months 16 months on Suboxone before I got my feet set. Yeah, and
Riley Zottola: You know, I mean, that's
Shawn Phalen: That's about what it takes, you know, so yeah you got to put the work in you got it in your right you guys just dig in and get through that really uncomfortable.
Riley Zottola: It's like a uncomfortable like six months, like the dead body adjustment is only a couple of weeks, but the emotional shit that goes on at last four months. Yeah, that's it's gnarly.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, because you're feeling stuff that you hadn't felt for so long. You know, because you're not numbing your numbing your body not numbing so you got to sit with those feelings you know they're almost foreign like you just like after using you forget
Shawn Phalen: You know what it's like to have
Shawn Phalen: Emotions and start feeling again and I'm that's
Shawn Phalen: Like I hear that all the time. All the time. So, and you're right, it takes about a minimum of six months, sometimes it takes people up to a year, but it's like if you can get past that if you can get past that year mark and you keep doing the work.
Yeah.
Riley Zottola: Yeah I agree wholeheartedly with that. Yeah, I've seen it.
Shawn Phalen: Well, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: They live in it.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. So anything else that anything you wanted to go over
Riley Zottola: No.
Riley Zottola: I don't think so.
Riley Zottola: Okay.
Riley Zottola: But tell me what what days are your groups again.
Riley Zottola: Monday. Okay, so we need okay so
Shawn Phalen: Let's do. What's the date. Let's do just like our check ins, if, if you are you still wanting to do that. Like every month.
Riley Zottola: That's, that's, that's your call.
I mean, you know,
Riley Zottola: You know, I think that you're doing really, really well. Thank you.
Shawn Phalen: You know,
Shawn Phalen: If you wanted to, uh, you know, I don't feel like you're
Riley Zottola: I don't you know you're not making it I mean me. You know what I'm saying, like, I mean, I'm happy.
Shawn Phalen: I'm happy to do a check in, if that's really, if that if you feel like that's something you want to do. That's great. If not, I'm totally cool.
Riley Zottola: I mean, I did. I
Riley Zottola: I don't know I i I'm with you. I don't really feel like it's something that I because I'll be honest with you every time that we talk. I mean, this our conversation goes like exactly
Riley Zottola: I mean, and and anytime that I do have, like, if I if if something comes up, which is almost never where I feel like I'm getting worked up
Riley Zottola: Yeah, like you said, I mean I have a huge family and we're all really close. Yeah, and
Riley Zottola: I call my brother, and I'll vent or I'll talk to my dad. You know what I mean and work those issues out and instill with no no slip ups or anything like that. I mean, I don't know if you have access to, like, my, my records like even with like my
Riley Zottola: Urine analysis. You know what I mean, it's
Riley Zottola: Perfect for the past 19 months right like nothing. You know, I just, I have
Riley Zottola: To
Riley Zottola: I don't. I mean, I like I like my new truck.
Riley Zottola: I don't want to live in it, you know.
Riley Zottola: out again.
Riley Zottola: So,
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so why don't we do this, why don't we just you know if if something ever were to come up, you know that you have the option to me with me again. So that's just how we'll leave it. So you're doing really well. And you're right. Like there's nothing pressing you know we talk
Shawn Phalen: You know, you don't have any like you're, you have a lot of coping skills. Okay, you have relapse relapse prevention skills like you, you know, like you're doing the work. So
Riley Zottola: I feel like you're doing really well. Thank you. Appreciate that.
Shawn Phalen: All right, well, keep it up.
Riley Zottola: All right, I will end. Yeah. Thank you. Bye bye. Do you have some pressing issue. I appreciate that the ability to come back in and chat with you.
Shawn Phalen: That's good.
Riley Zottola: All right, then I will see when I see you. Okay.
Riley Zottola: Take care, bye.